# Dijkstree
Eduthon project
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.” 
Well this is what drove the members of our Team Dijkstree towards working continuously and recklessly for 41 hours because passion and the idea to do something unique and different, the fire to build something that could be a one stop solution to all the problems we as students faced during online studies and also in our personal lives during this pandemic . Because we were not one of those who had countless technical skills instead we were one of those who were ready to learn new skills just to find a solution for the problems our generation is facing.
So our website is called “Dijkstree” derived from the term Dijkstra and being a team of 4 strees we couldn’t help but change it into something that shows that this website has been created not by male but by female developers . Our login page here and our logo is a mix of something elegant yet appealing. After logging in we have the rest of the sections. So before moving forward ,first let us tell you how did we got the idea for our website?
Our theme was Education and while discussing what should we be doing for it we asked ourselves a question. What is it that we need right now in our online classes and the changes we need in our current teaching style and method?
This is what came into our minds-

->A section that tells us about our personal growth and how well are we doing , how much do we need to improve , where do we stand currently because zoom classes or classes on google meets don’t tell you that and only the marks which teachers send are not enough. Asking teachers to make ranklists or telling us our percentile etc. might be something that’s not possible for them so, this is where technology comes in! We made a page called analysis which can tell a student everything ranging from his performance in every subject through a graph to an overall rank and percentile. The child can view only his analysis and not of others ,so this will prevent students not doing comparitively well from embarassment and so growth is all they will experience. 

-> Keeping track of all our projects and submissions is something that is very difficult and hard to do right?? So we decided to create a section for that too – The Dashboard. Here you will find everything related to your submissions,the work left,a timer to show how much time you have for your next test/assignment submission. Also we always need to open our gallery or notebooks to see which class do we have next so to  reduce that extra work we also have a calender that shows the current date/time as well the upcoming classes of students and the entire time table!
So dashboard being the first page that opens helps a student to get an idea of his current backlogs and the order of his classes. Isn’t that simply astounding?!!

-> Well moving forward we realised that we all need someone to talk to , someone who listens , someone who understands especially in these tough times. Haven’t we all been through certain periods when we ended up feeling lonely ,lost ,sad and a plethora of other feelings and too scared or too confused to ask our parents to take us to a counsellor? So we tried tackling this problem by creating a section called “Counsel”. So our plan for this section is to have a dialogue box that asks the students logging in about who does he want to talk to, a chatbot or a counsellor . Based on his selection he will be provided the service of a chatbot or the school counsellor. As many schools do not have counsellor so, the students in that case can talk to a chatbot in the following manner :-
(show the chatbot)
Fear of being judged and also the embarassment students may face while sharing certain problems was also taken care of by making the conversations with the  counsellor  anonymous. So every student talking to the counsellor will have a unique id which will change every time he/she wants to talk to the counsellor .

-> Next idea was to create a section for asking our doubts. Students generally ask doubts from their teachers on whatsapp through personal messages or on groups . So a problem that we as students faced was the doubts getting lost in the general whatsapp groups because there were 100 things that were talked about in the group and not only doubts, even teachers missed it by mistake and if student ask the teachers those doubts personally then rest of the students who might be having the same problem might not get to understand the solution. So our doubt section is a solution to all these problems and the anonymous feature here allows students to choose to show their identity or become anonymous before asking questions as sometimes we tend to stop ourselves from asking questions that we think are stupid because of the fear of being judged. This will hence clear all the concepts of the students and help them in achieving more because its always beneficial to “Shake the doubts off like the skin on a locust”

->The lockdown started when most of the students were just promoted to their next classes and due to the pandemic and lockdown in place they could not even buy books for themselves . Surfing on the internet for resources might not be that helpful because the pdfs they find on internet might not contain every single information or may contain some unnecessary and hard to understand info. So our next section resources solves this problem by allowing the teacher to just send the ppts or youtube videos necessary for them in this section . Also to reduce the pain of teachers we have planned that the teachers if they want can write # followed by the name of the topic she wants the resources on and it will automatically post top 5 resources and youtube videos related to that topic and the teachers can go through it once and approve it hence reducing their work.

->Next up there was something that was in mind of each one of us. It was the inability of students from economically weaker sections to afford electronic devices for online classes now a days almost every school has EWS quota even though students have been admitted in that school they still can’t afford laptops and phones for classes and this is a hurdle for them in their studies. So to solve this problem we developed a ‘charity zone’ where in a student from better economic section can donate electronic devices/money for those devices to the students in need. So when a child comes in this section in need of donations he has to request a  donation and everyone will be notified about this ,also, his identity will remain anonymous but the identity of the person donating will be shown to encourage more such donations . 

->So this site has almost everything except the ability to host online classes and we’ve got that also covered! We have planned to also add a google meets link generator for the online classes due to shortage of time we couldn’t make it.

So this was all about our website. Our main aim was to make a website that once when visited by a student or a teacher would refrain him from searching for other educational websites because we have everything available here from counsellor to take care of our mental health to daily analysis ,from doubt clearing to resources. This website is something we as students will always want to be a member of because it has so much to offer and provides such a good environment for personal and professional growth!
Thankyou!

